Before we jump to spring guitarist, let us see how we used to develop recipes using spring wood.
So here is the consumer visiting our recipes, so the requests will go to our risk controller that we
have mapping for our apples added to be better than all right.
So from controller, we will call our service layer and from service layer, we will call the repository.
So that will be an entity.
Glass using that repository will interact with the database and will get the data.
At last, we will give the response back to the consumer.
So this is the complete flaw now here.
This repository depends on which database we are using.
Say, for example, we are using any single database, like my single database.
Then there will be a repository provided by sampling data.
If you are using MongoDB, then there will be spring data.
MongoDB.
Likewise, for other databases, now let's say we are providing great APIs using which consumer can
create, update, delete and get the data from the database.
So here is the problem statement.
Even we are just providing the APIs we need to write the in our this controller mapping for our APIs
and also we need to write the code in the service layer.
So this is kind of boilerplate code that we need to write our controller and service layer.
So there comes spring data rest house spring guitarist resolves this problem that it is in the next
lecture.
But for now, you need to keep this problem statement in your mind that we are just providing the basic
crud APIs.
And still, we need to write the code in our controller and service layer.
So that's all for now, and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.